This Mario game is created by DANIEL LAM!
Please Read all of the text, it becomes useful

NOW TWO PLAYER!
AND NOW THERE IS SOUND!


To Play:
You either select one or two player

You must choose a speed: 1 being super fast to 32000 being super slow(but can crash your comp)
I recommend somewhere between 1 and 70
My computer I must use 1, but if you use a faster computer I would recommend around 50
If the level is easy, just increase the speed
To change the speed, at the beginning, click on the text box and type in a NUMBER!
OR else 'Run-time error 13' Type mismatch , must be a number! 
Then click on continue
If you are tired of waiting to be reborn, the second you die, hit the enter, which will get rid of the flashing screen, then hit the down button to make you go through the cloud.
Once you win, a screen will show your points and rank!

Arrow keys
	Left: move mario left
	Right: move mario right
	Up: make mario jump
	Down: go thorugh cloud (only available when cloud is shown)

Space: Shoot Fireballs (max = 6 fireballs in the screen at anyone time)

W: Jump for luigi
A: move left for luigi
D: moves luigi to the right

OBJECTIVE: To kill all the turtles without dying, and trying to get the highest possible score

Rules:
	You start at 2000 points and then they decrease
	If you points reach 0, you die, but for now, the program just closes
	If you bump or kill a badguy, you get points
	If you get a coin, you get points
	If you die or use a fireball, you lose points!
	Once the fireball goes of the screen, you get some more
	If you touch a turtle, you die
	Unless, you bump the turtle
	You bump by going under the floor the turtle is and then jump
	You must time this, if you hit the floor right beneath the turtle, the turtle will turn over and start flailing his legs!
	DONT BUMP HIM AGAIN, for he will get back on his legs and move again
	You must not run into him, or touch for him to pernamently die
	When you die, you start on a cloud and become invincilbe for a couple seconds
	If you stay on the cloud, if will run out, as well as your points
	

Notice This!!(REALLY FUN STUFF):
	maximise the screen and you see all the textboxes, here is the meaning in order
	1.frames per second(should be around 15-20, if not, your speed is to slow or fast)
	2.mario's x position
	3.mario's y position
	4.mario's x speed (his velocity moving left or right, - velocity means left!)
	5.mario's y speed(his velocity moving up and donn, (+) means falling, (-) means flying

	
	Points are at the bottom of the screen
	Mario comes of a cloud
	Type in "jet" while playing, now you can fly... sort of
	
	
If mario dies, luigi becomes invincible for a while, i think it works the other way too
	Only mario can shoot fireballs
	If someone dies and you push ok to continue, the other character would continue moving left or right, because you only stop when the main screen detects the keyup and keydown controls.
	The minute you puch a right left up etc. key, the "platform" dissapears.

	Mu ha ha, this glitch has been fixed
	Glitch:
		1. Go to the middle high platform
		2. Jump up until you are at mario highest point
		3. Shoot a fireball, right or left
		You will see all these turtles dying, and you can quickly win
	Reason for glitch:
		All the turtles are actually "hiding" in the edges
		But after some time, they start to come out from both ends of the stage
		So when you throw  fireball, you hit the hiding turtles, which die